53 years old. I was known as a troublemaker. I was fighting in the bars, come to a point where
you began to enjoy it. He was flat-out scary. He was a very mean and violent man. So everybody
kind of kept their distance from him. My language was too testable. I would make
go in men plus by the things that I could say and things that I would do. It was involved
with some bikers and they were trying to prospect me into getting into their club. Things
were escalating. We got married very young and we were 17. And had my oldest daughter.
I was the mom and he lived a life of being out with his friends and partying. About that
time, my wife started studying the Bible, which I always witnessed. It was a big change
for her. But she explained the reason behind it. I couldn't argue with it. She talked me
into studying. I studied on 28 years old to 30. I always seen it. I always seen it. It
was good. I knew this is where I needed to be. Somehow I just couldn't ever break free
of the person that I was. My mom always raised us in the truth growing up and that's what
we knew. So then to see my dad where he was so different, but yet believed it to be
the truth. And then to see that his lifestyle didn't do him any good was kind of a good example
of a bad example if that makes sense. I was afraid of the change. People accepted me
for who I was. Being a tough guy. Being Jimmy Brown. The scripture comes to mind. I
planted a polished water. God kept making it grow. Many brothers have studied with Jim from
time to time over the years. I just happened to be the one at the time in his life when he
was taking the truth and running with it. Wanted to be a better person. Actually knew that
this was just not a way of life that I wanted anymore. He changed his friends. He changed
his life. He changed his dress and grooming. He changed his speech patterns. He changed the
way he was a grandfather. He changed the way it was a father. He changed the way it was
a husband. Everything changed about him. I knew of the work that witnesses do. Going out
toward the door, talking to people. I thought I could never do that. Whoa. Me going toward
the door. I'm going to run into people that I know that I drink with for years and years.
How can I face them now? I had always told my wife would be much easier for you to become
a witness if I didn't live here. But how wrong I was. Because what a witness. My changes
have been to so many people in town. One of my favorite things to do is a bridge witnessing
with my granddaughter. People are fishing in the bridge. They're all night. I even have
returned visits that I do because people are regularly coming down the weekend to fish
on the bridges. I seize every opportunity. My kids laugh at me. Who witnessed to anybody,
anytime, anywhere. You'll see some raggedy tag, the old rough guy that he knew and brought to
the kingdom hall. In a few weeks he's got a new suit on, got a haircut, clean shaven. This is
the effect he has on the people that he comes in contact with. I love life now. I have two
friends. I know that I have hope for the future. Jehovah has seen something in me and he's brought
it to light. I am a good person. I can be a good human being. I can help other people. I can
be loved by him. It's a process.